= bitbucket-api-extension

== Function

* fetch bitbucket pull request list
* fetch bitbucket pull request comment
* post comment to bitbucket easily

== Installation

Add the following line to your Gemfile

  gem 'bitbucket-api-extension'

and then execute

  bundle install

== Usage

  # initialize
  account = BitbucketApiExtension::Account.new(user_id: 'your account',
                                               user_password: 'your password')
  project = BitbucketApiExtension::Project.new(name: 'your project name',
                                               organization_name: 'your name or team name')
  api = BitbucketApiExtension::Api.new(project, account)

  # fetch pull request list
  pp api.pull_requests

  # merge command
  first_pullrequest = api.pull_requests.first
  pp api.merge_commands(first_pullrequest)

  # fetch comment
  pp api.pull_request_comment(first_pullrequest)

  # post comment
  api.post_comment(first_pullrequest, "something...")


== Contributing to bitbucket-api-extension
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 S.nishio. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

